1657389 Add descriptions for SEO (series of related PRs) (#19571)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/programming-guide/classes-and-structs/private-constructors.md

---
title: "Private Constructors - C# Programming Guide"

> description: A private constructor is a special instance constructor in C#, generally used in classes that contain static members only.

Reviewer: There are other good uses for private constructors. (factory methods, etc). Let's leave it open in the description.

```suggestion
description: A private constructor is a special instance constructor in C# used to restrict how an object can be created. They may be used with factory methods or other construction idioms.
```
